Chore: Quick Fix based on User Testing Results (#643)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/rbtc/index.md

## Exchanges

Looking for [RIF Token](/rif/token/)?

> You can purchase the RIF Token using the [exchanges](/rif/token/#exchanges) listed here,
> or use the exchanges listed below👇 to buy RBTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can obtain the RIF Token using [these exchanges](/rif/token/#exchanges),
or use the exchanges listed below👇 to obtain RBTC.
```
